## 0116

1.	We allow a margin of 20 minutes in case the bus was late.
2.	The room was dark and I bumped my head against the door.
3.	His older brother exceeds him in intelligence.
4.	Dark clouds denote rain.
5.	We can't confide in his words for he often break his promise.
6.	He likes me, and vice versa.
7.	He did not come to school as a result of his illness.
8.	Do you take these coupons?
9.	Do you have any ID on you?
10.	I was carded at the club.
11.	All this shopping is burning a hole in my pocket.
12.	I had butterflies in my stomach all afternoon.
13.	A power failure plunged the house into darkness.
14.	Do you need to take a number one or a number two.?
15.	I need to take a number two.
16.	I need to use the bathroom.
17.	The toilet is clogged up.
18.	The toilet is plugged up.
19.	All my work for the past year just went down the toilet.
20.	You have a few screws loose.
21.	I spent over a year learning the nuts and bolts of this job.
22.	The marriage ceremony was performed in the church.
23.	John has the faculty to learn languages easily.
24.	Before he decides to study abroad, he has to solve financial problem.
25.	I have never seen such a horrible car accident.
26.	An industrious student usually has good grades.
27.	A baby has no knowledge of good and evil.
28.	We feel scorn for a traitor..
29.	He stooped to picked up the paper.
30.	He paid the sum of $10 for a new bag.
31.	The voyage from England to India used to take six months.
32.	The ship is in the harbor of New York.
33.	The majority of people prefer peace to war.
34.	What are your hours?
35.	Month-to-Month base rate is 100 dollars.
36.	I fill out the form.
37.	I will develop some muscles in my chest.
38.	Buy one, get one free.
39.	I read the directory.
40.	I take an escalator up to level 2.
41.	May I try this dress on?
42.	I'd like to exchange the jacket for this dress.
43.	Allow the chicken to thaw before cooking.
44.	I pour them into a pot.
45.	I crack an egg into a bowl.
46.	My lips are dry and chapped.
47.	I put on chapstick.
48.	I need to turn on closed caption.
49.	I turn to channel 38.
50.	I flip through the channels.